Main menu: (Home, About us, Academic, Student, Administration, Contact information, Special events Research & Symposium, Notice)
 
1.       Home
 
+Ø  Logo of government and SLIATE (Name of institute, ministry)
+Ø  Main menu
+Ø  Sliding photographs (SLIATE and ATIs, ATI sections)
+Ø  Link to messages of Hon. Minister, Secretary, Director General (with photographs)
+Ø  Latest news
Ø  Related links (Ministry, UGC)
Ø  Photographs
+Ø  Site map (Google map/ location of SLIATE & ATIs)
Ø  No. of guests
Ø  No. of persons viewed
 
2.       About us
 
Ø  Vision, mission and objectives
Ø  Introduction and history
Ø  Hon. Minister’s message
Ø  Hon. State minister’s message
Ø  Secretary’s message
Ø  Director General’s message
Ø  Council members
Ø  Academic syndicate meeting members
Ø  Existing staff
Ø  Organization structure
Ø  SLIATE Act
 
3.       Academics
Ø  ATIs and ATI sections – separate link develop for each ATI and ATI sections to provide information on ATIs and ATI sections
Ø  Courses offered (Diploma, Higher national diploma, short courses) and entry qualifications, syllabus
Ø  Academic calendar
Ø  Facilities
Ø  Academic staff
Ø  Units and projects
 
4.       Student
Ø  Studying – Admissions, examinations, examination results, pass papers, Convocation
Ø  Recreation – Achievements, Arts & culture, Societies, sports
Ø  Welfare – Hostel, student affairs, Student counselor, Carrier guidance
Ø  Scholarships – Mahapola, Other
Ø  Information – By laws, Downloads, Student information
Ø  Discipline – Student ID cards, SLIATE Law, Act to prevent ragging, Disciplinary structure and procedure
Ø  Student hand book
Ø  NAITA / SLIATE in- plant training
 
5.       Administration
Ø  Departments- Academic, examination branch, student and staff affairs
Ø  Finance- Budget, Finance circulars, Procument notice,
Ø  Downloads- By laws, SOR
               
6.       Research/ symposium
Ø  Research and publications
Ø  Symposium
 
7.       Notice
Ø  Archives
Ø  Events
Ø  News
Ø  Procument / Tender
Ø  Vacancies
Ø  Research Grants
Ø  Opportunities for staff

Further there should be a link to the Newsletter of SLIATE
